Release 4.0.4 RC1 and publish release notes (#682)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_article/release-candidate-godot-4-0-4-rc-1.md

---
title: "Release candidate: Godot 4.0.4 RC 1"
excerpt: "A new batch of backported fixes for Godot 4.0 is ready for testing! Even if you aren't able to move to Godot 4.1 just yet, we can't leave you without support and improvements."
categories: ["pre-release"]
author: Yuri Sizov
image: /storage/blog/covers/release-candidate-godot-4-0-4-rc-1.webp
image_caption_title: "Sunken Shadows"
image_caption_description: "A game by Milan Gruner et al"
date: 2023-07-21 16:00:00
---

> We are committed to provide support for multiple minor versions of Godot at the same time, as long as we have the capacity to do the work and fixes can be safely backported. So even if your project cannot be migrated to [Godot 4.1](/article/maintenance-release-godot-4-1-1) right now, we still want to share with you some positive changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are committed to providing support for multiple minor versions of Godot at the same time, as long as we have the capacity to do the work and there are fixes that can be safely backported. So even if your project cannot be migrated to [Godot 4.1](/article/maintenance-release-godot-4-1-1) right now, we still want to share with you some positive changes.
```

> It has been a few weeks since the release of Godot 4.0.3, which means it's high time for the next maintenance version! As always is the case with patch releases, 4.0.4 is focused on stability and bugs, as well as adding missing documentation. One important change in this release is a security fix for a potential denial of service when using ENet:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It has been a few weeks since the release of Godot 4.0.3, which means it's high time for the next maintenance version! As is always the case with patch releases, 4.0.4 is focused on stability and bug fixes, as well as adding missing documentation. One important change in this release is a security fix for a potential denial of service when using ENet:
```
